for many their home is more than just a
place it is a testament to their
identity and
resilence the land carries generational
ties memories and a sense of belonging
that is not easily
relink I stay here because my soul is
tied to this land my father passed away
here especially after what happened in
1948 when they told refugees to go
promising they would return in a matter
of days they never did even after more
than 75
years we were born and raised here we
will live and die here Palestine will
remain our land this North is our North
despite all the bombings flyers and
attempts to displace us we will stay
steadfast here resilient despite the
siege and famine and everything that has
happened we will pitch our tents and
stay here despite the hardships
because This Land is Our Land for money
the sentiment of having nowhere else to
go is not just an emotional declaration
but a stark
reality choices are severely limited by
the lack of resources many families live
in poverty their financial means
insufficient to facilitate even re
relocation humanitarian aid though
critical often Folds short of meeting
the basic needs of the
population this economic straight jacket
forces families to remain in their homes
despite the
danger make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer